give me a robust long term design option where reminders can be sent to intended receipients only. 
Must ensure, if task, for which reminder is being sent, is completed, then reminders should stop. e.g. if reminder is sent to production supervisor : sanjay Rohit for stage handoff pending, then once handoff is done, reminders shoud stop. Also design this such that it is possible that all these are async events and tables are updated and accordingly reminders list is calculated. 
I want a configurale table where i can set reminder interval for all stages for which reminders are required. E.g. for every user, for stage handoff reminder, this interval applies. Likewise, we should send reminders for Stage Pending i.e. if current supervisor has a stage pending and has no update, then reminder should be sent as per stage pending reminder interval.
I want a robust design where reminders are polled and sent for pending tasks. I want a escalation notification (again configurable) which says if 10 reminders for this particular batch, and event has been sent then production manager gets a notification of all reminders sent list.
Also for calculating intervals, one must assume working days only. Non Working hours and holidays must not count in calculating reminder intervals.
This must again be configurable through grist.
Working Hours per day Say : 8:00 AM to 6:00 PM Monday to Saturday. Likewise we can update the working hours and accordingly intervals can be calulcated. We do not want reminders to be sent to anybody in non working hours and holidays.
No of reminders for each task must be incremented and a report to be generated for the same - should be possible.

Ideally, once each batch is entered, reminders should start and intervals should start.
E.g. on new batch creation - approval pending. so for pending approval reminder should go as per configured interval for this reminder.
once approval is given for this new batch, this reminder should stop. So giving approval in a way updates this as well. Need this to be scalable.
Once approval is given, first stage task is assigned. Now each supervisor may get tens of tasks for each batch.
So per batch, one reminder must go with summary of tasks pending on the batch.


